content/project/limited-data/index.md, before:

+++
# Project title.
title = "Learning with Limited Labelled Data"

# Date this page was created.
date = 2016-04-27T00:00:00

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = "Learning with limited labelled data, including multi-task learning, weakly supervised and zero-shot learning"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["lld", "limited-data"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references 
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides = "example-slides"

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{icon_pack = "fab", icon="twitter", name="Follow", url = "https://twitter.com/georgecushen"}]

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your project's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash"
  
  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Smart"
+++

Learning with limited labelled data is useful for small domains or languages with little resources. Methods we research to mitigate problems arising in these contexts include multi-task learning, weakly supervised and zero-shot learning.

Commit message:

Added more details on projects

content/project/limited-data/index.md, after:

+++
# Project title.
title = "Learning with Limited Labelled Data"

# Date this page was created.
date = 2016-04-27T00:00:00

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = "Learning with limited labelled data, including multi-task learning, weakly supervised and zero-shot learning"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["lld", "limited-data"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references 
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides = "example-slides"

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{icon_pack = "fab", icon="twitter", name="Follow", url = "https://twitter.com/georgecushen"}]

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your project's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash"
  
  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Smart"
+++

Learning with limited labelled data is useful for small domains or languages with little resources. Methods we research to mitigate problems arising in these contexts include multi-task learning, weakly supervised and zero-shot learning. 

This is a cross-cutting theme in most of our research. Two funded projects specifically addressing this are Multi3Generation and <a href="https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=CLOC3rEAAAAJ">Andreas Nugaard Holm</a>'s industrial PhD project with <a href="https://www.baselifescience.com/">BASE Life Science</a>, supported by <a href="https://innovationsfonden.dk/en">Innovation Fund Denmark</a>.

<a href="https://www.cost.eu/actions/CA18231/#tabs%7CName:overview">Multi3Generation</a> is a COST Action that funds collaboration of researchers in Europe and abroad. The project is coordinated by Isabelle Augenstein, and its goals are to study language generation using multi-task, multilingual and multi-modal signals.

Andreas Nugaard Holm's industrial PhD project focuses on transfer learning and domain adaptation for scientific text.
