content/author/admin/_index.md, before:

+++
# Display name
# name = "CopeNLU"

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser = true

# Role/position
# role = "Natural Language Understanding Research Group"

# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations = [ { name = "Machine Learning Section, Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen", url = "https://di.ku.dk/english/research/machine-learning" } ]

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "CopeNLU is a Natural Language Processing research group led by Isabelle Augenstein with a focus on researching methods for tasks that require a deep understanding of language, as opposed to shallow pattern recognition. We are affiliated with the Machine Learning Section at the Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen."

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email = ""

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests = ["Natural Language Understanding", "Learning with Limited Labelled Data", "Fact Checking", "Knowledge Base Population", "Question Answering", "Gender Bias Detection"]


# Social/Academic Networking
#
# Icon pack "fab" includes the following social network icons:
#
#   twitter, weibo, linkedin, github, facebook, pinterest, google-plus,
#   youtube, instagram, soundcloud
#
#   For email icon, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and
#   "mailto:your@email.com" as the link.
#
#   Full list: https://fontawesome.com/icons
#
# Icon pack "ai" includes the following academic icons:
#
#   cv, google-scholar, arxiv, orcid, researchgate, mendeley
#
#   Full list: https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/

[[social]]
  icon = "envelope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  link = "mailto:augenstein@di.ku.dk"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
  icon = "twitter"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://twitter.com/CopeNLU"

[[social]]
  icon = "github"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://github.com/copenlu"

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# [[social]]
#   icon = "cv"
#   icon_pack = "ai"
#   link = "files/cv.pdf"

+++

CopeNLU is a Natural Language Processing research group led by <a href="http://isabelleaugenstein.github.io">Isabelle Augenstein</a> with a focus on researching methods for tasks that require a deep understanding of language, as opposed to shallow processing.
We are affiliated with the <a href="https://di.ku.dk/english/research/machine-learning">Machine Learning Section</a> at the Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen, as well as <a href="https://di.ku.dk/english/research/imagesection/nlp/">NLP at the University of Copenhagen</a>. We are interested in core methodology research on, among others, learning with limited training data; as well as applications thereof to tasks such as fact checking, knowledge base population and question answering.

Commit message:

Updated section affiliation + Sapere Aude

content/author/admin/_index.md, after:

+++
# Display name
# name = "CopeNLU"

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser = true

# Role/position
# role = "Natural Language Understanding Research Group"

# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations = [ { name = "Natural Language Processing Section, Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen", url = "https://di.ku.dk/english/research/nlp/" } ]

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "CopeNLU is a Natural Language Processing research group led by Isabelle Augenstein with a focus on researching methods for tasks that require a deep understanding of language, as opposed to shallow pattern recognition. We are affiliated with the Natural Language Processing Section at the Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen."

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email = ""

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests = ["Natural Language Understanding", "Learning with Limited Labelled Data", "Explainable AI", "Fact Checking", "Question Answering", "Gender Bias Detection"]


# Social/Academic Networking
#
# Icon pack "fab" includes the following social network icons:
#
#   twitter, weibo, linkedin, github, facebook, pinterest, google-plus,
#   youtube, instagram, soundcloud
#
#   For email icon, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and
#   "mailto:your@email.com" as the link.
#
#   Full list: https://fontawesome.com/icons
#
# Icon pack "ai" includes the following academic icons:
#
#   cv, google-scholar, arxiv, orcid, researchgate, mendeley
#
#   Full list: https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/

[[social]]
  icon = "envelope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  link = "mailto:augenstein@di.ku.dk"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
  icon = "twitter"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://twitter.com/CopeNLU"

[[social]]
  icon = "github"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://github.com/copenlu"

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# [[social]]
#   icon = "cv"
#   icon_pack = "ai"
#   link = "files/cv.pdf"

+++

CopeNLU is a Natural Language Processing research group led by <a href="http://isabelleaugenstein.github.io">Isabelle Augenstein</a> with a focus on researching methods for tasks that require a deep understanding of language, as opposed to shallow processing.
We are affiliated with the <a href="https://di.ku.dk/english/research/nlp/">Natural Language Processing Section</a> at the Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen. We are interested in core methodology research on, among others, learning with limited training data and explainable AI; as well as applications thereof to tasks such as fact checking, gender bias detection and question answering. Our group is partly funded by a Sapere Aude Research Leader fellowship on <a href="https://dff.dk/en/grants/research-leaders-2020/researchleader-14">`Learning to Explain Attitudes on Social Media'</a>.
