content/people/ana/index.md, before:

+++
# Display name
title = "Ana Valeria González"

# Role/position
role = "PhD Student"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "Ana's main research interest is question answering, with a particular focus on the customer support domain. She's a member of the CoAStaL NLP group and co-advised by Isabelle."

# External website link
external_link = "https://anavaleriagonzalez.github.io/"

# Date this page was created. Entries are sorted by most recent one.
date = 2018-01-19T17:07:01

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["Affiliated"]

# Social/Academic Networking
#
# Icon pack "fab" includes the following social network icons:
#
#   twitter, weibo, linkedin, github, facebook, pinterest, google-plus,
#   youtube, instagram, soundcloud
#
#   For email icon, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and
#   "mailto:your@email.com" as the link.
#
#   Full list: https://fontawesome.com/icons
#
# Icon pack "ai" includes the following academic icons:
#
#   cv, google-scholar, arxiv, orcid, researchgate, mendeley
#
#   Full list: https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/

[[social]]
icon = "envelope"
icon_pack = "fas"
link = "mailto:ana@di.ku.dk"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
icon = "twitter"
icon_pack = "fab"
link = "https://twitter.com/AnaValeriaGlez"

[[social]]
icon = "linkedin"
icon_pack = "fab"
link = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/ana-valeria-gonzalez-a89114103/"

[[social]]
icon = "google-scholar"
icon_pack = "ai"
link = "https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=un2SIroAAAAJ"

[[social]]
icon = "github"
icon_pack = "fab"
link = "https://github.com/anavaleriagonzalez"


# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = "http://example.org"

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your project's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Photo by Toa Heftiba on Unsplash"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Smart"
+++

Commit message:

Added new paper, moved Ana to alumni

content/people/ana/index.md, after:

+++
# Display name
title = "Ana Valeria González"

# Role/position
role = "PhD Student"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "Ana is a postdoc in the CoAStaL NLP group. Prior to this, she was a PhD student in the same group from 2017-2021 co-advised by Isabelle, working on question answering."

# External website link
external_link = "https://anavaleriagonzalez.github.io/"

# Date this page was created. Entries are sorted by most recent one.
date = 2017-01-24T17:07:01

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["Alumni"]

# Social/Academic Networking
#
# Icon pack "fab" includes the following social network icons:
#
#   twitter, weibo, linkedin, github, facebook, pinterest, google-plus,
#   youtube, instagram, soundcloud
#
#   For email icon, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and
#   "mailto:your@email.com" as the link.
#
#   Full list: https://fontawesome.com/icons
#
# Icon pack "ai" includes the following academic icons:
#
#   cv, google-scholar, arxiv, orcid, researchgate, mendeley
#
#   Full list: https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/

[[social]]
icon = "envelope"
icon_pack = "fas"
link = "mailto:ana@di.ku.dk"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
icon = "twitter"
icon_pack = "fab"
link = "https://twitter.com/AnaValeriaGlez"

[[social]]
icon = "linkedin"
icon_pack = "fab"
link = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/ana-valeria-gonzalez-a89114103/"

[[social]]
icon = "google-scholar"
icon_pack = "ai"
link = "https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=un2SIroAAAAJ"

[[social]]
icon = "github"
icon_pack = "fab"
link = "https://github.com/anavaleriagonzalez"


# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = "http://example.org"

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your project's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Photo by Toa Heftiba on Unsplash"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Smart"
+++
